c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheHarpOfYoba\TheHarpOfYoba\bin\Debug\TheHarpOfYoba.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheHarpOfYoba\TheHarpOfYoba\bin\Debug\TheHarpOfYoba.pdb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheHarpOfYoba\TheHarpOfYoba\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheHarpOfYoba\TheHarpOfYoba\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheHarpOfYoba\TheHarpOfYoba\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheHarpOfYoba\TheHarpOfYoba\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Xact.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheHarpOfYoba\TheHarpOfYoba\bin\Debug\Stardew Valley.exe
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheHarpOfYoba\TheHarpOfYoba\bin\Debug\StardewModdingAPI.exe
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheHarpOfYoba\TheHarpOfYoba\bin\Debug\xTile.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheHarpOfYoba\TheHarpOfYoba\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheHarpOfYoba\TheHarpOfYoba\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheHarpOfYoba\TheHarpOfYoba\bin\Debug\Lidgren.Network.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheHarpOfYoba\TheHarpOfYoba\bin\Debug\Steamworks.NET.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheHarpOfYoba\TheHarpOfYoba\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheHarpOfYoba\TheHarpOfYoba\bin\Debug\StardewModdingAPI.AssemblyRewriters.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheHarpOfYoba\TheHarpOfYoba\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheHarpOfYoba\TheHarpOfYoba\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Rocks.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheHarpOfYoba\TheHarpOfYoba\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheHarpOfYoba\TheHarpOfYoba\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheHarpOfYoba\TheHarpOfYoba\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheHarpOfYoba\TheHarpOfYoba\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Xact.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheHarpOfYoba\TheHarpOfYoba\bin\Debug\StardewModdingAPI.pdb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheHarpOfYoba\TheHarpOfYoba\bin\Debug\StardewModdingAPI.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheHarpOfYoba\TheHarpOfYoba\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheHarpOfYoba\TheHarpOfYoba\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheHarpOfYoba\TheHarpOfYoba\obj\Debug\TheHarpOfYoba.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheHarpOfYoba\TheHarpOfYoba\obj\Debug\TheHarpOfYoba.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TheHarpOfYoba\TheHarpOfYoba\obj\Debug\TheHarpOfYoba.pdb
